[music]
>> I think there's a very good chance we're
going to end up in a deal.
And so we're giving it 5 days and then
we're
going to see where that takes us.
President Trump speaking after he
postponed his threat to hit Iran's
energy infrastructure saying [music]
negotiations with are underway with
Tehran. You're watching the China show.
I'm Yvonne Man with David Ingles.
>> Yep, markets are trying [music] to
figure out noise from signal as we count
down to the open of markets in greater
China. Let's get to your top stories
today.
>> [music]
>> Oil prices are holding up most of this
most of this steep drop but from the cut
off as you can see we're up now in
[music] fact about 2% you did have of
course here the president there the
decision to drop his deadline on Iran.
[music] Chinese stocks are set to join a
rally in the Asia Pacific after the CSI
300's worst day in nearly a year. Also
on the program Australia and the
European Union capped [music] decades of
talks with a new free trade deal cutting
tariffs on a wide variety of goods. And
Apollo stock falls in late trade as the
company curbs redemptions [music]
from one of its private credit funds.
It's the latest alternative asset
manager to [music] grapple with a surge
in withdrawal requests.
>> [music]
>> Wild seems to be normal these days what
it comes [music] to the whipsaw that
we're seeing across markets there really
the news of President Trump postponing
his sort of deadline when it comes to
those threats about attacking power
plants from Iran certainly did help lift
the risk sentiment. You saw oil drop
some 10% over 5 minutes on Wall Street.
So
a key question really is what happens up
until Friday, right? Are we really going
to see some negotiations? I think we're
hearing from the Iranian side this
morning and they seem to be painting a
much different picture. Yeah, it's
completely different picture in fact,
right? When you look at the rhetoric
coming through it it's literally depends
who you ask. Is there a date that's
going to be taking place? I think the
latest line we've gotten from the
Iranian side is that no they are not
looking
to have any negotiations with with the
US although when you look at the CBS
report which is somewhat in the middle
in that they are looking the Iranian
side is looking at some messages through
middlemen. Yeah. [snorts] And as far as
what the US has asked
it seems it seems the US has reached
out.
>> Yeah, and you got to wonder you know,
are we still
is facing some doubts about you know, is
this deadline just something that
prolongs the uncertainty are we really
getting closer to some sort of deal? I
think we got to keep asking those
questions up until we get to that point.
But then again you have you have
headlines from the journal talking about
the Saudis are considering whether to
actually join in
in this war and certainly that does lead
to a lot of questions on you know, how
easily can President Trump exit out of
this war? Can it be as easy as he
started it? Yeah, and is it his decision
solely too, right? To be able to do that
and you know, the other complication
here is that I think the last one or two
times President Trump said things were
warming up in terms of negotiations then
they then they went and struck Iran of
course. You know, so there's also that
>> [snorts]
>> is this just a bluff amidst everything
else that's taking place. And also keep
in mind, right? There's this
there's this carrier group that is we
understand is making its way from the
Asia Pacific into that part of the
Middle East. So lots of things to
consider given the complexities of war
but yes President Trump did say that
Tehran is keen according to him to make
a deal here. In fact, let's have a
listen to what the president had to say
there.
They want very much to make a deal. We'd
like to make a deal too. We're going to
get together today
by probably phone because it's very hard
to
find a country it's very hard for them
to get out I guess.
But we'll at some point very very soon
meet.
Right, and I think this first board that
you're going to see on your screens just
underscores the confusion markets are
undergoing right now. It's very rare you
see stocks, oil
and the dollar moving in one direction.
Relief rally across equity markets today
or as I speak the dollar is catching a
bid on the back of some of that pushback
from Iran and oil as well on the latter.
US futures coming up on your screens you
have the Kospi index Nikkei you have
Taiwan coming up at the bottom coming
online one and a half percent. US
futures are now down in fact. The dollar
story is playing out across EM markets
where you have the Philippine peso is a
very good example of a currency that's
really lost favor and the peso is back
below that 60 handle with it here from
the energy secretary few minutes back
talking about how they have effectively
just over 40 days of oil supplies left.
The big move overnight was interesting
because this time as of the close
yesterday massive massive move down in
the CSI 300 3.3% somewhat split the
difference overnight with an ETF just
down about 7/10 of 1%. Xpeng EVs very
much in focus today. We'll get to the
earnings and everything else corporate
in a moment here but we are set to join
the rally across the Asia Pacific.
Coking coal futures also did see a
massive pop yesterday. This is really
also on the back of the energy story.
One and a half percent in Dalian in the
year.
>> to see supply disruptions in LNG and the
like, you know, it seems like Asia is
really seeking coal as that sort of
alternative source there. So certainly
that's one thing to watch. We're going
to get the likes of town gas coming on
too about how they are dealing with of
course all this volatility. For more on
the Iran conflict let's bring in our
politics editor Laura Davison she joins
us now.
You know, first of all we got to ask the
big question, right? Is this really
talks about some deal that's going to
materialize or is this more just about
pushing the uncertainty? So there's
certainly been a lot of speculation that
this is Trump you know, sort of trying
to do a head fake here both you know,
allies you know, at the America First
Policy Institute I think taking
Washington you know, have speculated
that as well as the Iranians have have
have vocalized that as well. But it's
clear that there's at least some sort of
rumblings so probably not as much as
Trump has suggested there that there are
substantive policy talks policy talks
there are you know, key points of
agreement. US officials have conceded
that there there there are you know,
sort of back channeling that's
happening. There have been outreach from
both sides going through intermediators
in the region but there are not robust
talks. This 5-day timeline that Trump is
talking about to reach some sort of deal
highly unlikely
in some in fact even speculated that in
fact the talks that are setting up are
going to be long arduous talks not
unlike what President Barack Obama did
to get the Iranian deal back a decade
ago that Trump threw out. The end game
here may be ultimately something similar
to to what Obama struck you know, in
2015. And you know, what would have been
the deadline would have been about an
hour and a half back. What spurred the
president from backing down to to back
down from that ultimatum that he gave?
According to to diplomats and others who
were talking with him one of the big
causes here was the market reaction in
Monday in both Europe and Asia just
seeing
equity markets fall the price of oil
skyrocket. Treasury markets also getting
a little wobbly as well. That is a key
indicator for the president. It was
unusual to see him come out and speak so
early in the morning. He came out about
7:00 a.m. US time. He almost never comes
out at that time. You know, he he starts
his day a little bit later. He likes to
speak more in the afternoon and evening.
So the fact that he was out there before
market open signals that
the market consequences here were a huge
portion of this. Yeah, I think the
market was listening too. Certainly that
the message was clear that he he wants
to he's eager to to exit this war. But
tell us a little more about the Strait
of Hormuz. There's there's talks of this
joint US Iran custody
of this of this waterway. What would
that look like? This is a one of the
more far-fetched things that Trump has
talked about. He said that you know,
perhaps he and the Ayatollah whoever
that is Trump said they could jointly
control the Strait of Hormuz. That is
almost seemingly a non-starter both just
from Iran agreeing to that and two what
would that even look like? Suddenly you
have you know, the Iranian navy what's
left of it and the US navy jointly
patrolling this that seems you know,
almost impossible. But this is you know,
Trump likes to sort of throw out some of
these far-fetched ideas. Remember a
couple weeks ago he was talking he might
be able to pick who the next leader of
Iran might be. Quickly moved away from
that. You know, we'll see if this has
legs. If he's still talking about this
in a week or two or three there may be
some kernel of of truth or you know,
kind of reality there but otherwise this
is looks like you're more Trump wish
casting what he would like to see
happen. That is very strange if I have
to say so myself.
Yeah, it's almost like joint custody
amidst a more than acrimonious divorce.
Anyway, okay.
Anything is on the table I guess. Laura
Davison fantastic. Thank you so much.
Our politics editor there. As markets
try and digest and distinguish signal
from noise let's get a sense really of
what we should be doing with all this
information short term. Winnie was here
with us on set head of APAC equity
strategy at BofA Global Research. I
don't envy your job at all. What
questions are you getting from clients
and do you have any answers to those
questions?
>> [laughter]
>> Yeah, I I think the question we're
getting are all over the directions. All
right, you know,
ranging from the geopolitics
President Trump and Xi's potential
summit getting delayed to energy prices.
What does it mean for the economy for
the market for different sectors? Yeah,
every direction.
Uh Do you
Yeah, and and how do you kind of I mean
I'm just wondering because it it seems
like we're the market fall out it's
changing day by day but are we entering
this new phase now where initially it
was the concern over inflation and now
is it potentially now a growth hit to
the economy? Yeah, I I think you know,
what we've seen in the past three weeks
is increased volatility. All right,
we've seen Kospi down 12% in the day up
10% the next day. All right, we've seen
some of the very crowded position even
if fundamentals were fine got sold off.
All right, Ranging from Korean memory to
gold to China small cap stocks.
Um, and I think increasingly markets
start to pricing in a prolonged
um, inflationary or not calling it an
energy crisis, but prolonged pressure to
inflation and the growth. So, even, you
know, last week in our Taiwan Asia tech
conference, investors were very bullish
on the AI cycle, demand very strong,
supply bottleneck. But nonetheless,
there is still this overhang of what if
energy prices leading to higher rates,
less liquidity, potentially amplify the
private credit crisis, and leading to a
macro driven AI demand correction. All
right? So, I I think, you know,
increasingly investors start to pricing
in a more cautious scenario for rates,
liquidity, for growth, and increasingly
people realize the importance of
diversifying positions because this
persistent, you know, volatility, um,
the the volatile high volatility may
actually persist, right? With the low
visibility on how things will be going.
As we come out of this, and hopefully
very soon,
um, has the out in what way do you think
the growth and earnings outlook has
changed? Given, let's say we're we've
been in this for, let's say, a month.
How does that change the degree of the
trajectory on the back of it?
Yeah. I mean, you know, um, I think IMF
gave some data, right? $10 higher uh,
oil brand price lead to what?
Uh,
10 to 20 basis point lower growth, and
adding to inflationary pressure. So,
there is clearly that broad macro
concern. But I think importantly is
different country will face different
pressure. All right? So, relatively
speaking, within this part of the world,
China China might not be the most
exciting story on growth, right? Partly
because it's so big, so diversified, it
still have the legacy challenges. But on
the other side, in the sort of stress
scenario, in the worst case scenario,
China relatively stack up well because
it's been preparing for the
self-reliance, self-sufficiency on
energy, on food, on supply chain for
years. And China have a large domestic
coal reserve, China has more diversified
energy supplies, been developing
renewable new energies, and also China
has a big brand oil reserve inventory,
right? So, relatively speaking, in the
past three weeks, you saw that, you
know, US relatively outperformed by
falling less, China actually also
outperformed, right? CSI 300 or HSCI in
the first three weeks of March was down
like 5 to 7%, whereas most of Asian
market were down 10 to 20%. So, I think,
you know, we don't know the absolute,
right? What will be the stabilize new
norm of oil prices, but we at least can
have some visibility on the relative
resilience across different markets.
And there has been rotation within the
Chinese market as well. I think there
away from the sort of the growth plays
to more income. I'm going back to the
banks, and you know, maybe those are the
the defensive plays, right? Is that
something that you would recommend at
the moment, too? Uh, yes. Um, in fact,
in our year ahead for the whole year,
our strategy has been barbell, right?
Because we are less convinced about uh,
uh, uh, another, you know, 20% multiple
re-rating, so to speak. So, so we've
advised people to to play both end of
the strategy. And indeed, in March, uh,
we've seen energy, banks, utility
relatively outperforming, auto as well.
On the other side, it's the material
sector down like over 20%, all right?
Because of the crowded long. So, I
think, you know, the risk for the, you
know, just reiterate my earlier point of
the the the value of diversification,
all right? And in China, I think the
downside protection remains to be very
important. Okay. Winnie Wu, have more
uh, from Winnie Wu, their head of APAC
equity strategy at BofA Global Research.
She She teased a little bit about this
Asia tech conference here, really uh,
talking a little more about the AI
shockwaves, and really where are the
sectors that are going to be benefiting
or maybe those seeing the most
disruption. We'll have that coming up in
the next segment there. Of course, we're
counting down the open of trade in
Shanghai, Shenzhen, and Hong Kong. There
is a relief rally underway here in the
Asia Pacific here [music] now that we
seemed like when it comes to this
deadline, we have been pushed back by a
few days up until Friday. Futures are
pointing positive this morning. This
[music] is the China show.
Right. Welcome back. [music] You're
watching the China show. I think the
latest AI iteration in at least the
Chinese market specifically last week
and a half has been sort of open claw.
30,000 ft view from BofA Global
Research, obviously demogra- demogra-
demographic pressure, AI disruption,
very complicated graphic.
We've struggled to actually put this
together. We did, though. So, hats off,
of course, to our graphics team here.
Winnie Wu, of course, is here with us
still on set, uh, the author. And if you
had to send a postcard to thank for this
graphic, it's her. It's Winnie and her
team. Explain this to us, Winnie. How
What's the takeaway from this?
>> Um, so essentially, this is putting the
20-something different key sectors and
their MSCI MSCI into a 2x2 matrix. The
horizontal uh, the horizontal axis is
aging population, the beneficiaries and
losers. So, relatively speaking, on the
right-hand side, you know, aging
shrinking population is relatively
positive for the demand of like
healthcare, insurance, pharma,
diversified financial services, as well
as semis and capital goods because that
will increase the demand for automation,
robotics, all right? Whereas left-hand
side are the sectors relatively
unfavorably positioned for aging
population. That will be, you know, the
consumer discretionaries, the autos,
even the real estate.
The vertical axis is our assessment of
the real moat against AI. That's based
on R E A L, so so-called regulatory
critical, all right? E for enduring
cycles, A for asset heavy, and L for
local services. So, on the higher um,
part of the graph, like the utilities,
telcos, energies, real estate, semis,
those are sectors that come relatively
well against the the real R E A L
framework. Whereas the lower part of the
graph, you know, the media,
entertainment, diversified financials,
the softwares, are relatively more
sensitive to the AI disruption. So,
based on this matrix, what we say is the
top right-hand side corner, uh, which
are better positioned for both AI
resilience and aging population, you
know, the healthcare, semis, capital
goods, are probably the structural
opportunity for investors. Whereas the
bottom left-hand side, you know, the
more software, internet related space
could be more vulnerable for persistent
derating as AI getting smarter and more
capable of replacing these sectors. Uh,
but having said that, we want to
emphasize that even in these like soft
sectors, internet software, they are
still relatively valued because many
large platform company, the individual
company would have relatively high real
moat, all right? You know, some big
internet platforms in China
operate systematically important
telecommunication and financial payment
function, all right? So, even in these
challenged sectors, we say they are
relatively winners. People can do, uh,
you know, the pair trades to to to
generate alpha.
Um,
you said this is the real, as you may
remember, R E A L.
>> Yeah. Uh, regulatory, enduring, asset,
local. You say right now investors are
rushing into the halo sort of trade.
Explain why that's not the
right strategy now. Yeah. I mean, I
think halo is probably a bit more
US-centric, where
>> right?
>> Yes. Yes. But in Asia context,
especially in China,
heavy asset has no security no scarcity,
right? You know, we think of steel,
cement. Exactly. We have all these
overcapacity, right? So, in capacity
rich countries like China, halo doesn't
necessarily work. And in fact, if you
tie it up with these heavy asset long
cycle industries without the regulatory
moat, you might face more liabilities,
right? Facing all the overcapacity
long-term uh, deflationary problem.
Also, on the other side is local
services, right? When we think about
hotels, restaurants, healthcare, even IT
services, they are not necessarily heavy
asset, they are not halo, but in the
short term, it's very hard for AI to
replace them. Partly also because in US,
labor cost is much higher than in Asia.
Asia It's still much cheaper and much
more pragmatic to use the skilled labors
rather than deploy large scale of human
no no robots in these settings. So,
that's why we think the R E A L real
framework probably works better in the
Asian context than halo. Okay. I think
it's the first time we're speaking to
you two
ever since the the open claw phenomenon
became more widespread. It's not as if
it wasn't around a week two weeks ago.
What is the
implication going to be in earnings? Let
me just ask that direct question.
>> [laughter]
>> Um, okay. So, for the near term, for
some large internet companies, it
probably means they are stepping up, uh,
catching up on investment in AI related,
whether it's computing power, cloud, or
talent.
>> Okay.
>> So, short term, it might actually be
earning negative, but um, on the other
side, I think investor, I mean, multiple
also derated, all right? If you look at
the end of performance of China year to
date, it's mainly because of Hang Seng
tech, right? A lot of it. It's more
multiple derating than earnings
reduction for some of the the the the
companies in the media sector. So,
multiples to some extent already re-
reflected that, and I think for these
large platforms, they still offer very
important optionality. So, if this open
claw if their next generation of LLM can
have something exciting,
um I think their ecosystem is still very
valuable and hard to be replicated. And
as mentioned earlier, some of these
companies actually have high regulatory
mode. It's not any new AI startup can
replace the fundamental payment
infrastructure in China, right? So, we
still think they are significant value
in terms of accumulating these good
companies on the lows. Winnie, it's
great to have you. Winnie Wu there, head
of APAC Equity Strategy of BofA Global
Research. Your pre-market in Hong Kong
is just opening up here and we continue
to see them joining in this relief
rally. We're 1 and 1/2% up [music] on
the Hang Seng getting closer to 24,760
or so. Futures are up 8/10 of 1% and the
weaker yuan will be here. We're sub 689
[music]
right now. But yes, we'll have more
coming up. This is Bloomberg.
Watching of course in your agenda today,
the turnover that we've been seeing
yesterday was certainly a pretty
interesting [music] one when we saw HSI
turnover was the second highest this
year. We'll see if we get another day of
this as well. Uh given this relief rally
and certainly there seems to be a pretty
positive when it comes to what futures
are pointing to here today in mainland
China. Uh watching ETF flows in
particular, there is going to be a CGV
sale. We are going to be heading to the
Boao Forum coming up here as well and
there is the Wealth for Good Summit uh
in Hong Kong where Dave just spoke with
Christopher Hui about you know, you
know, the opportunities lining up for
Hong Kong to really in some ways capture
uh
you know, I guess you could say the
wealth and the like that's coming from
the Middle East given some of this
volatility that we're seeing and of
course this Iran war. What else will we
be tracking there? Yeah, it it's an
opportunity I think he said. Um you
know, the the fact that you have Hong
Kong as fairly stable. They are putting
some structural reforms in place.
Um in fact, we'll play the tape about
later on. He talked about how they've
actually they're going to file a bill
with LegCo that incentivize from a tax
incentive cross asset. So,
a lot of that's going to come up as
well.
>> [snorts]
>> Um it's it's the non-sexy stuff, but as
we just talked about earlier on, it's
the non-sexy stuff that pays off when
things get overly exciting, too excited
[snorts] to the downside. It's really
the spirit of stability that you look
for. Uh and are we going to get that
though as far as the earning story goes
is the other point we want to bring up
to here. So, Xiaomi's coming up with
earnings today. We talked about Coke and
Coke
and the pop we're seeing there
specifically as some of these stocks
we're tracking to going into the open
today. Yeah, La Pu Wuxi AppTec,
Henderson Land, we're right at the ones
to really track here. When it comes to
La Pu Gold, there you go. We're up some
10% given that was a profit [music] beat
as well, of course. Uh we're also
watching what gold price have done the
face of this sort of whipsaw across
markets. So, we've got the open coming
up next. [music]
This is Bloomberg.
Welcome back. You're watching the China
show. We're counting down to the open
[music] of markets. So, we are set to
join this relief rally across the Asia
Pacific. The coming if not [music]
present current complication is
is well, for one, the dollar [music] is
back up. US futures, European futures
are down. As more headlines are coming
through, it's not as [music]
straightforward as President Trump has
suggested that there is an off-ramp and
everyone else is on board with that
plan. [music] The de-escalation doubts
are are trickling in a little bit that,
you know, is this really just posturing
from President Trump? Is there really
signs [music] of them working towards
some sort of deal that could lead to
that off-ramp as Dave mentioned, right?
When you have headlines in the journal
saying the Saudis and even some Gulf
nations [music] are considering joining
in in this war now, it certainly does
raise a lot of eyebrows here on you
whether there is an exit strategy. So,
that's sort of that's in the background,
but then again, you are still seeing a
bit of a catch-up here in terms of this
relief rally in onshore markets and
you're seeing a CSI 300 is up close to
1% here this morning. So, certainly
stock investors are really kind of tuned
to what, you know, what President Trump
said was that, you know, it seems like
he's eager to to end this war. Um so,
certainly that's one thing to watch. You
see Shanghai crude futures are also
cooling down a bit here by about 4 and
1/2%. But yes, as Dave mentioned, right?
During the Wall Street session, we saw a
10% decline of oil prices after what we
heard from President Trump. But now
we're coming back up just slightly here
as well. US futures, as he said, still
in in negative territory. So, that is
one to watch very closely. Let's take a
look at how Hong Kong is looking like
here as well because there certainly is
going to be a lot of
earnings to talk about as well. HS Tech
is actually catching a bit here. So, 1
and 1/2% up. Hang Seng is back to 24,800
levels here today, but you are seeing a
bit of recovery in some of these tech
stocks
that we're seeing up about 2% for
Alibaba, Meituan, Tencent as well.
Offshore yuan will be at sub 690. So,
certainly the cooling of the dollar
certainly was what we saw overnight as
well.
Certainly what we're seeing when it
comes to the earning side and we'll
watch how oil stocks perform because,
you know, are they going to take a look
at what we saw overnight? And yeah,
mostly it seems like we are heading
lower here. Following what we're seeing
with the the oil price, PetroChina,
CNOOC are lower by about 1 to 2% here
right now. Uh coal stocks, that's been
hot. I mean, in the face of all these
supply constraints around LNG and the
like, you know, what you're seeing here
in the region is this sort of people are
turning and trying to secure alternative
sources, right? And and coal seems to be
the beneficiary to all that here. But
right now some of these coal stocks are
coming off some of the initial moves
that we've seen in the last few days or
so maybe because of some of the the good
news that we're seeing I guess in terms
of what we heard from President Trump
kind of pushing this deadline
of whether to attack power plants in
Iran to Friday now. Um we were supposed
to talk about just now around this time
that that deadline was supposed to
expire today. But yes, we've been pushed
back by a few days. Gold stocks, that's
going to be the interesting one, right?
Given the volatility that we've been
seeing with gold prices.
We have seen it here in the Asia
session. Gold prices are heading lower
this morning as well. So,
you got to watch what happens with, you
know, some of these miners and the like
because
we did talk about La Pu Gold. That's
certainly one thing to watch, right?
That stock is up some 8%. It's not just
because of the gold price, but really
what they saw in terms of the earning
side of things, right? It was a prelim
beat for the first quarter.
Of course though, the key question is
what is what are going to the jewelry
sales going to look like here given just
the rapid whipsawing that we're seeing
with gold prices moving forward. Yeah,
that's that's really because gold has
really acted like a risk asset, behaved
like a risk asset of late. So, does that
change the allure of its
um quiet, stable embrace? Um yeah, there
we go. We're up 10% for La Pu Gold.
Fully revenue, yeah, profits also
soaring. They have jewelry surging in
Hong Kong, of course amid the
popularity. And obviously keep in mind
the earning story and the report is
context from what was really a fantastic
year and past calendar quarter for for
for for the gold story.
Um let's bring in Min Min Loh, our China
correspondent, to tell us why La Pu Gold
is sleeping like a La Hu like a
>> [laughter]
>> like like like a tiger.
Anyway, sorry.
>> has been performing really well last
year. We're talking about more than
doubling of its um revenue and net
income. 220% gain on revenue on year for
the full year. Uh 230% gain on net
income. And uh a lot of it is driven by
of course gold prices. Gold jewelry is
still seen as an asset rather than just
a discretionary spending in China. Um
and uh of course the big question is
what happens this year, right? Because
we did see gold prices come down. But
the good thing for La Pu Gold is that
they sell their prices at a fixed price,
so it's not tied to gold. And they also
routinely hike their prices two to three
times a year. So, that cultivates a very
loyal pool of customers because they are
assured that whatever they buy, the
value of it will be would be preserved
and would keep increasing. And every
time before the price hike, there will
be long queue of long queues of people
queuing up to to get their hands on the
pieces before the price hike. Um and
there is also increasing evidence that
there is growing consumer overlap with
the other Western premium brands the
likes of Louis Vuitton,
Cartier, um Hermès and so on. Um and
also this company has really proven
itself in being able to command a
premium because its latest price hike is
as big as yet, about 27% on average
according to to Citigroup. Of course, a
lot of it is also to do with its heavy
investment into expanding its retail
footprint because it opened its first
overseas store in Singapore. It finally
achieved a presence in every single one
of the top 10 luxury malls in China as
well. It's upgraded its storefronts. So,
all of that contributing to that
momentum for the company. Yeah,
it certainly is reflected in the stock.
Talk about Country Garden because they
just came up with earnings and they're
seeing a return to profit as well. What
what sparked this sort of turnaround for
the company? Yeah, this is a quite a
turning point for the company. It's been
a 2-year journey to restructure its debt
and the company says it's expecting
between 1 to 2.2 billion yuan in profit
last year coming from the non-cash gain
after it completed the restructuring.
But without that non-cash gain though,
they said that they will still be making
a loss because of the profit margin
crunch in the property sector. So, not
fully in a healthy state, but still it
looks like the the light is at the end
of the tunnel. And according to our
Bloomberg Economics team, in terms of
the property crisis, according to Eric
Zhu, he says we're about 70% to the
finish line. So, 30% to go and that
means perhaps by the by 2027, that is
when we could see the trough of the
housing market and the stabilization
there, which means from the peak of 2021
to the trough of 2027, it is a 6-year
period to really normalize the the the
property sector in China. Okay, very
quickly, Xiaomi's out today.
Yes, Xiaomi we are expecting the slowest
growth yet since 2023. We're talking
about less than 7% in
revenue growth. This is compared to
double-digit growth in the last few
quarters, 20 to 30% growth in the last
few of quarters. So, quite a big decline
there. Part of it is because of the
memory chip shortage, which is pushing
up prices. That's weighing on its
margins, especially on the smartphone
size because it's already priced very
competitively compared to the likes of
Apple and Huawei. So, it's a low margin
business for them already. And then when
it comes to the EV sector, yes, we are
looking at very strong demand in terms
of shipments. We are looking at some
analysts saying a possible upside to
price when it comes to the delivery
target. But again, there is the material
price increase as well. We did see with
the launch of the SU7,
investors selling off the stock because
of concern that it's hiking its prices
at too slow a rate to compensate for the
rise in material prices. So, again,
that's going to weigh on the margins as
well. Okay, out there in the city today,
Xiaomi, Min-Min, thank you for the
preview and the recap of course of the
others that we just talked about there.
The dollar index, we talked about this.
This is your risk gauge today and where
this goes. And as you can see, we've
picked up ever so slightly
from the lows a few hours back. Hence
explains why we are still seeing a rally
in the region and why we are also seeing
this rally come off highs of the day as
we speak. Yeah, it's there's conviction
but not but less it's fading a little
bit, I guess you could say. But yes, at
least for now we're seeing an up or
story here. Nikkei, Kospi are still
seeing gains about 1%. Taipei, we're
coming off already here and we're just
about half of 1% to the upside here as
well. Coming up, we'll speak to Hong
Kong-based energy supplier Towngas about
how the Iran war [music] supply crunch
is affecting prices and the switch to
renewables in China. The managing
director, [music] Peter Wong, joins us
next.
Right, welcome [music] back. So, if you
think oil prices have gone up then look
at gas because gas has actually gone up.
Last I checked,
more if not much more
when you look at global benchmarks. It
also depends where you look, right? So,
several proxies in the US. Europe has
certainly seen a massive upside. Some of
the benchmarks we use, Platts, for
example, here in the Asia Pacific has
also gone up quite substantially given
obviously what's been taking place
in the Middle East and as people
scramble for options and alternatives
given the supply chain issues there.
Now, for more on what that is perhaps
doing and changing the outlook for gas
providers here in Hong Kong
specifically, we're joined now
exclusively by Peter Wong, managing
director of Towngas. It's Hong Kong's
only piped town gas provider. Of course,
its product produced locally from
naphtha and imported natural gas. We'll
get to where you're getting your
supplies in a moment. Good morning and
and a very nice to see you. Yeah, good
morning. I wonder people are wondering,
they see a a gas company and immediately
will think how things in the Middle East
are affecting you. Mhm. If you could
elucidate for us
what direct or indirect impact you are
seeing or expecting because of what's
taking place globally. Okay, thank you
for having me here. Um
the town gas we manufacture here in the
Hong Kong in our Tai Po plant in the New
Territories. And the feedstock basically
of two elements.
One is naphtha, as you just mentioned.
The other is natural gas.
Right. Um
starting from the year 2006,
before that we've been using 100%
naphtha to manufacture town gas. But
starting from year 2006, we have a
long-term contract with the natural gas
supply in Australia. Mhm. So, the
basically the gas coming all the way
from Australia. And
and it did not pass through through the
Middle East. So, we should be gas supply
it should be safe. Mhm. And also this is
a long-term contract. We we call it take
or pay contract. In other words, I have
to buy certain quantity of natural gas.
The supplier has to supply that quantity
of
natural gas to us at a predetermined
fixed price. This is a 25-year
contract.
>> Okay. And the price was fixed in the
year 2006. Oh, oh, that's coming up.
Anyway, okay. Yeah,
I wanted to I wanted to share with you
that have we have we not used natural
gas since 2006, we continue to use
naphtha. Okay. That means naphtha price
always up and down. And then basically
since 2006 up to now, we save Hong Kong
dollars 20 billion to our Hong Kong
customers because the natural natural
gas price was fixed.
Okay. So, this is the situation here in
Hong Kong. Now, we the the supply from
Australia should be continuous. Now,
what about naphtha? Naphtha could be a
different story because given the
current chaotic situation in the world
in the whole world.
But naphtha also come from Asia. Mhm.
The supply the oil basically from all
our base in Asia. And we have the
inventory at least 1 and 1/2 months
inventory on site in our Tai Po plant.
So, basically we will continue to
manufacture the town gas for at least 1
and 1/2 months. And then also in in
addition to that, we have
short-term contract for 3 to 4 months,
which we already signed the contract and
fixed the price before the war before
the war. So, basically
we were pretty sure that for the next 3
to 4 months
if nothing
goes
beyond our expectation, we we should be
safe. Okay, so in terms of supply and in
terms of price. Okay.
Yes, it's good that you you secure some
of these contracts already to buy you
some time. But gas prices across the
region are already surging. Mhm.
Should are you what sort of premium are
you attaching to your some of your
forecasts now?
If this prolongs to beyond 3, 4 months.
And you know, is it something that you
are going to have to absorb or can you
pass it on to customers? Um now, there
are a couple of things we can do. One is
if let's say the war prolonged
longer. Mhm. And we can use more natural
gas. Okay.
I want to explain a little bit more on
that. Currently, natural gas account for
60%
of town gas when you manufacture when
you when we manufacture the town gas.
And the other 40% is naphtha. Mhm.
We can edge up the percentage of natural
gas to 70%
if there's a shortage of naphtha. We can
edge it up because the natural gas
coming from Australia.
It's secure. It's it's
secure and the price is low, too. So, if
naphtha naphtha the price shoot up, we
can use more natural gas to protect our
Hong Kong customers. Okay, how does that
affect your
your earnings projections for the year?
What what scenarios have you gamed out
for you for the company?
>> time being, we still take a positive
approach, right?
Nobody knows. It's really unpredictable
what's happening in the the conflict
creating all these chaotic and
unpredictable challenges.
All right, so we we we we monitor the
situation very closely. We keep an eye
on the in particular the naphtha supply,
right? So, we will make sure that the
naphtha supply will will will be in
safe.
>> What indications are you getting on the
naphtha because that that seems to be
affecting not just you, of course. That
is more to your point, right? That's
more market determined and moves in a
more regular basis. Right now, we can
see the price edge up. That's for sure
because naphtha and oil the price go
hand in hand, right? They edge up a but
a little bit but not too much. As I
mentioned earlier, we can use more
natural gas in case if that if that
happens.
You also have a JV in China and you do
uh
provide some town gas and and and
renewable energy solutions there.
What what are you seeing in terms of
this Iran war? Does it have any sort of
impact you think on gas consumption
in China and does it only ramp up this
whole sort of push to renewables that
we're seeing? Well, in the year 2020
central government already announced
2030, 2060 carbon peak, carbon
neutrality. That was a very good
strategy. So, basically we
The energy in China, 50% of which is
import. All right, the central
government foresee that. And so, that is
why more renewable energy will be
happening in in in coming years. And
that basically energy in in its own hand
is better than depending on our own
supplies.
Now, in we have 320 city gas in China.
We have a total of 45 million household
customers. Hong Kong is only 2 million.
And so, now
natural gas in China, they are coming
from different sources.
China has huge gas reserve in Xinjiang,
in Inner Mongolia, in Sichuan. So, they
they account for approximately 60% of
the total consumption in China.
And the others we got to from Russia. We
got two pipeline
connecting to the the central grid here
in China
from Russia. And also we have pipeline
from Central Asia.
Central Asia, they also do huge gas
reserve. So, the pipelines have been
connected. And the other is from
Myanmar.
They also have a pipeline connecting to
our central grid here in in China. So,
these three sources pipe gas,
they are
nowhere near
Middle Middle East, and so it would be
safe. And of course, there are some
LNG imports, right? From Qatar. And as I
as I understand it, it accounts for
approximately 10% of the total natural
gas and LNG
from import. So, that may affect a
little bit, but the gas consumption, I
can see that because central government
in particular
maybe will have more renewable.
And renewable basically is help to
balance
renewable energy and natural gas.
We Hong Kong China Gas were already
start this renewable business 5 years
ago, and we have 400,000
commercial industrial customers.
In particular, those industrial
customers, the rooftop is physically
empty. We lay PV panels to supply green
electricity to them. So, help them to
reduce carbon emission. So, we supply
natural gas to them to reduce the used
to be heavy carbon emission energy, and
then do do renewable PV panels to help
them reduce the carbon
carbon emission. So, we are we are
helping China to achieve the 2030 and
2060 target. Peter, it's great to have
you. Thank you so much for coming and
telling us really how a business like
yours is really dealing with of course
all these headlines as well. Peter Wong
there, managing director of Town Gas.
We do have some headlines that are
crossing when it comes to BMW in China.
Now,
we are hearing that the company is going
to be recalling cars in the China over
fire risk. This is a statement that's
coming through from the SMMR, the State
Administration for market regulation.
So,
in terms of how many that we're talking
about Dave, they they're talking about
134,022
cars in China. That's all we know so
far, but the fire risk that that's
that's quite interesting.
>> Yeah, let me just jump in because there
has been there's a new number that's
actually now out.
Um so, it is 179,
cars
in China on the back of the same reason
that Yvonne just laid out there
before you guys have. Anyway, once we
have more information on this story, we
will bring it to [music] you plus of
course all the latest news across these
markets. This is an ongoing story, so
we'll take [music] a short break, and we
will see you on the other side of it.
>> [music]
>> All right,
that did not last
very long.
US following the relief rally that were
by the way we're still splitting in cash
markets in the Asia Pacific futures in
the US
and looking at the European
session going into Tuesday have have now
actually gained some momentum to the
downside. We were down as much as 1% I
believe
on the stocks 50 contract. We paired a
little bit a few points, but yes, I
think the message is
risk [snorts] aversion is somewhat the
overlay of risk aversion is somewhat
back in the last hour or so. Yeah, still
a lot of uncertainty when it comes to
where we are in this Iran situation when
you have some lawmakers there talking
about you know, there are no
negotiations are going with the US at
the moment. So, there you go. You are
seeing risk sentiment getting sapped a
little bit. Let's check in some other
world news this morning. President
Trump's energy chief has downplayed
[music] the impact the war with Iran is
having on oil prices. Energy Secretary
Chris Wright was speaking at the Sarah
Week event in Houston about the [music]
impact of the effective closure of the
Strait of Hormuz.
Is too price prices went up to send
signals to everyone that can produce
more, please produce more?
>> [music]
>> Um
prices have not risen high enough yet to
to drive meaningful demand destruction.
New York's LaGuardia Airport has
reopened with reduced [music] capacity
after an Air Canada Express plane
collided with a fire truck on a runway
late Sunday night killing both pilots.
Recordings reveal an air traffic [music]
controller ordering the truck to stop
just before the impact with the plane
which is traveling at more than 200 km
an hour. 76 people were aboard [music]
the aircraft with more than 40 needing
hospital treatment.
Go. LaGuardia is a
very well staffed airport. We're a
couple [music] controllers short in
total, but it is a well staffed airport.
Again, 33 certified controllers that
operate out of the tower here at
LaGuardia.
All right, a look at the dollar [music]
which I think is a very good
at least at this point in time an
accurate representation of risk assets,
[music]
risk appetite
to be more specific. This heads north,
the
appetite goes down, [music]
and yes, we are seeing the dollar again
pick up given I think just that the
I would I would like to see
complication, but the confusion [music]
I think is perhaps more apt description
of what markets are looking to take away
from the recent commentary coming
through from both sides of the war
including the White House and of course
what [music] we're hearing
from the Iranians and within the Middle
East. The Journal reports of course on
the Saudis are near [music] a decision
whether to join in on what's happening
there. CSI 300 is now flat. Hang Seng is
down over
just over 1%
right now.
>> [music]
>> Plenty more ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
Welcome back to the China show. Yeah,
when it comes to this risk rally, it is
starting [music] to fade a bit just to
say. We're still up about 9/10 of 1% for
the Hang Seng, but when it comes to
[music] what euro futures, what US
futures are pointing to, they're all in
negative territory here today. So, there
is you know, yes, a bit of relief that
President Trump has pushed back his
threat of attacking Iran power plays,
but we're still
deciphering whether there is real
material, you know, meaningful progress
when it comes to reaching a deal. And
then perhaps that's why you're seeing
that little bit of doubt across
investors' minds right now. Absolutely.
Um
In in public, it's somewhat clearer now
I think is the good thing as far as what
the US president has said in public. On
the other side, it's quite clear though
that it doesn't seem that they are open
to that suggestion. Now, we don't know
of course what's taking place if any as
far as back channels go.
Markets are taking this and you know,
they're splitting splitting the
difference between the two when you look
at how risk assets are now trading and
the direction. In fact, have a look at
where we are in the Nikkei topics Kospi,
the Taiwan markets about an hour into
that session. Indonesia by the way is
still shut, so that market should be
coming online now. It's not for today.
1 and 1/2% to the upside on the topics
index.
We're looking at
Brent prices. Coal is also in focus. I
think this is the Dalian contract up
still 2%. Brent is now up by about 3 and
1/2, so that should be
at or near session highs in gold
following that of course it took out
that key support level
yesterday does remain below that key
threshold. The dollar is back. I think
when you look at the dollar against some
EM currencies. By the way, in case you
missed that,
EM strategies as far as the
carry strategies have been wiped out
for the year. We are set for the worst
month on EM carry going back to 20 22.
And the bond markets, we're looking at
the 10s coming up on your screens. And
yeah, there we go as far in as far as
the Aussie yields are concerned. So,
we're looking at again an extension of
the rally we had overnight, although the
Treasury market is now dancing the the
opposite way.
Yeah, and
gosh, you know, what we heard from the
IEA, you know, talking about the
disruptions that we could be seeing
where Asia is at the forefront of this
current energy crisis. And we're seeing
that play out now across the region,
right? What we've heard the last few
hours or so, the Philippines,
you know, their energy officials say
they they have 45 days of supply
as of March 20th here. So, we're talking
about 40 days moving forward. We just
talked to likes of Town Gas as well
saying look, when it comes to some of
these, you know, contracts that they
have, the the amount of supplies that
they have, maybe it's a matter of just a
three or four months that they can kind
of hold on to this. Japan, the Kashiwada
has also been talking about they're
going to be taking measures on all
fronts. So, they are trying to reassure
markets here that you know, contingency
plans are being played out. Korea
though, interesting enough we got in the
last couple minutes, right? You know,
when it comes to how they're going to be
looking at alternatives, right? They're
so they're raising renewable energy ESS
installation to cut LNG. So, they are
finding ways to seek for other sources
here right now. But what does that mean
for the whole chip AI build out? So,
that's going to be a key question, too.
Yeah, and that came up, right? With
helium a few you know, a few weeks back
in as far as that that was also
apparently needed, right? And not
apparently, it is needed. We just found
out most of us just found out about that
angle to that story. Meanwhile, of
course, there's also the mainland China
angle and Town Gas also helped us
elucidate just to give you a big word.
>> word again. Yeah,
I mean we have to use every every word
that we get. And I think you know, I
think the message he sent earlier was
quite interesting because he said
China's not worried about this because
they have been
It pays when you fix the roof on a sunny
day, right? So, so been able to stock up
on these supplies again to the story
that Winnie Woo
>> [snorts]
>> has talked about that China is not a
very exciting equity market story, but
that's what you need right now given the
complexity out there. Let me just add to
that.
Goldman did raise their Brent forecast
yesterday, right? And I think we spoke
with the head of global commodities at
Goldman Sachs
just to
underscore the reasoning behind that
upgrade in Brent prices. Have a listen.
We do think that the largest oil supply
shock ever is going to lead to two
structural changes. One, faster
strategic stock piling by governments as
they're going to deplete SPRs this year
and realize that in this uncertain uh
supply environment, you probably want to
have a higher target level for your
SPRs. And second, I think the
recognition of the risks associated with
the high concentration of production
spare capacity is probably going to lead
to the pricing in a security premium in
longer longer-dated prices.
Let's sit with our politics editor,
Laura Davison. She's been looking
through all these headlines. It seems
like markets are, you know, losing a
little bit of momentum already given
some of these doubts of maybe possible
de-escalation. What's the latest now? Um
so there's a whole game of telephone
happening here and it's been very clear
for the past 12 unclear for the past 12
hours or so about who's talking to who
and what exactly the status of these
talks are. Trump came out and said that
there were, you know, big points of
agreement and there were, you know,
substantial talks happening. Pretty
clear that that's not what's happening.
Iran has has really pushed back on that
saying, "Look, that we are not
negotiating." It's you know, there's
been signs that there may be some sort
of, you know, kind of back of the
classroom notes being passed forward,
you know, back and forth with sort of
some preliminary talks. US officials
have said that things, you know,
privately have cast these as, you know,
much more early stage negotiations.
There's some concern among US allies
that you know, the US thought that when
um
uh when the when the US said it was
ready to talk that that Iran would come
to the table. Not at all clear that that
is is in the picture here. And this is
what we're seeing, you know, Trump now
set a 5-day deadline here for for some
sort of talks. He needs to come up with
some sort of momentum here. Unclear that
that's going to happen either. So this,
you know, kind of there was a lot of
optimism when Trump came out and said
that he was going to be backing off this
demand to strike energy sites, but now
he's got to find another off-ramp, you
know, with just a couple days to to go.
Has the market made him similar to 11
months ago when the market acted up and
he backed off on tariffs? Has the market
made him back down this time? Or I think
the other thing I want to point out is a
few weeks ago, it did seem he was
backing off. And then we had the strikes
a few days after. He said that the
negotiations were going well. Two days
after Israel struck Iran. Which of the
two is it? There are really two schools
of thought here. One, that this is just
a head fake and that he's using sort of
allowing that the tensions to to fuse
here a little bit to then come in with
an attack, you know, where there are
signs that the US is sending more
Marines to the area. So there's not, you
know, there's some there's some, you
know, kind of heft to that argument. Um
the other
here is that Trump is attuned to the
markets, particularly when they get
really bad and he likes to tow it up to
that line and then bring it back. This
feels very similar to what we saw in
that post-liberation day pullback of
that you saw, you know, kind of every
single warning sign in the market screen
a red up on all of the screens and where
you saw him come out yesterday at early
in the morning before markets wanting to
to ease those concerns.
>> Yeah, that taco tray that seems to be
coming back. Um there was this line from
the journal about the Saudis and and
maybe even the UAE is now considering or
taking steps to join in on this war.
Would that be a significant escalation
then of the conflict?
>> be sort of a a marginal escalation. I
mean, one, you have both the the Gulf
allies who are getting mad because
their, you know, sites are getting hit,
you know, Iran keeps striking them.
Also, if they see this as a way to
potentially end this war sooner, give
the US a little bit more of an advantage
allowing them to use their airbase,
their airspaces, other infrastructure in
the region. It could help that, you
know, so that may be a sign that they
see, you know, at least the potential
for, you know, an end game here within
the coming days or weeks. Laura Davison,
there are Bloomberg politics editor. On
the back or side of things, I think
Yvonne and I were talking about this
this time yesterday. BofA um have
they've upgraded they upgraded their
forecast on Chinese inflation. They've
pushed back expectations of rate cuts.
Uh what rate cuts when you look across
the board, you know, the Fed is now hike
priced to hike. Goldman Sachs, there's a
story out on the terminal today. Goldman
has axed rate cut forecast for
Indonesia. They're also flagging rate
hikes for India and how the macro story
has been
upended. Um with that in mind, let's see
what this means for markets cross
assets. Weili Ao is here with us,
director of derivatives market
intelligence at Cboe. Very nice to see
you and good morning. Why do we start
with the macro question? How have things
changed?
Pleasure to be here.
Yes,
macro landscape has really shifted
significantly from the beginning of the
year. I In January, we were still
trading this Goldilocks consensus,
steady growth and inflation coming down.
Fed is going to cut twice. And then into
February, market shifted to AI-related
disruption and the rotation from
software to hardware. And then into
March, we are seeing this energy
shock-led repricing of macro risk across
the board. And at the same time, rising
inflation expectation and weakening
labor markets data is causing a sort of
a worsening of growth and inflation mix
that brought back the stagflation fears
in the markets. And we are seeing the
repricing of Fed rates and we're seeing
tightening of financial conditions and
abroad sell-off of of risk assets across
the board. So not a boring start of the
year so far. No, to say the least.
Um it's interesting cuz what if we saw
some sort of ceasefire de-escalation
now?
Are we still going to see some of the
long-term economic spillover impact,
right? I mean, the hit to growth. I
mean, it seems to be the market is
changing from whether this is just
inflationary to also impacting growth
moving forward.
In in some ways, do you think markets
are still underestimating
the the real potential impact this
really could have
given this energy shock?
Right. If we look at the signals from
the options markets, all right? For
example, the clearest signal we are
getting is from the oil price the
options markets. Although oil pullback,
I mean, oil price has been swings due to
the headlines. But if you look at the
longer-dated oil options,
the skew. So the the price of the calls
relative to price of the puts still
close to the record high levels if you
look at the longer dated like 6 months
to 1 year down the road. So that's
signaling that oil markets is actually
pricing for longer oil price
disruptions. So and
and also interestingly, another
signal I like like to highlight in the
from the options markets gold. How gold
has been trading, right? Yeah, what's
happening there? Yes, [laughter]
it's really confusing because
the conventional wisdom They lied to us.
Yeah, exactly. They lied to us. They
said gold was [laughter] a haven. What
happened there?
Exactly. We were told gold is a safe
haven and also gold is an inflation
hedge, but it didn't work this time and
it didn't work last time back in 2022
either. So what's is happening? Gold's
correlation with equities has been
turning negative starting from last year
already. So this positive correlation
basically means gold is now trading like
a risk asset. Yeah. So very
interestingly, if we look at the how
gold vol has been trading since the
start of the war. For the first 2 weeks,
gold vol actually dropped. Why? Because
gold vol was bid up prior to the Iran
attack
on the, you know, markets were chasing
momentum. They were buying calls to bid
up the gold prices as the momentum was
very strong upwards. But since then,
gold prices dropped since the start of
the war. Therefore, the gold buying the
call chasing on the momentum is
weakened. So we saw the gold vol
actually dropped. But the last couple of
days, because
the gold price continued to drop, so we
are actually seeing the gold price of
the gold
spikes because the puts are coming back.
So now people completely flips from
calls to puts on the gold. So the gold
vol remains elevated, but what's driving
that is completely flips from calls to
puts. And and do you do you get a sense
because of positioning short-term the
likely direction of gold could be still
more down than up?
Uh from the positioning, it's signaling
that way, yes, because the puts now now
the the gold basically is trading
inverted, right? The skew. So the the
puts Sorry, sorry, it's back to back
back to skew is back to to steepen
again.
I think the skew is about trading at the
steepest since
a year ago. And that's after it's been
persistently inverted for a year. So the
market is signaling that maybe the
downside has further to run. I'm seeing
correlations break down Yeah.
everywhere.
I mean, the 60/40 sort of playbook does
that that seems like I need to toss this
old playbook aside here right now.
What is the new playbook then to ride
out this volatility? Exactly, that's a
great question. In these sort of
stagflationary environments, all right?
Like your traditional safe haven like
bonds and gold just didn't seem to work.
So
so that's why option-based strategies
become very interesting, very relevant
in this type of environment because it
offers alternative diversification and
source of income for you. These days,
people can access these sort of
option-based ETFs
strategies through just via ETF ticker.
So made the access actually much easier
than previously. You have to replicate
through calls. Okay. So in income is
king.
It's just to clarify what the strategy
is.
Well, from what we are seeing,
at this
from our seats at the Cboe, we're seeing
retail investors, for example, this time
the positioning is much more cautious
into beginning of this year compared to
that positioning compared to 2022. We're
seeing that there's much less call
buying and a more call overriding to
generate income. So, retail investors,
they're getting more and more
sophisticated in managing risk. So,
they're using options not just to
hedge your risk or especially
directional view, they actually use
options to systematically
shorting options to generate income with
of course defined risks. Yeah. Well,
yeah, it was great to have you. Come
back. We have the director of the the
derivatives market intelligence at Cboe
joining us here in our Hong Kong
studios. And still ahead on the China
show, we talked to Shanghai-based
US-listed procurement service platform
ZKH. [music]
The CFO Max Li joins us exclusively to
discuss the impact on this around war,
their AI plans,
>> [music]
>> and their return to quarterly
profitability. This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Right.
The other story we're tracking is
[music] what came out of Apollo.
Yeah, this is
on private credit stock in after hours
fell about 2.6.
Yeah, the company talking about what
they're planning around redemptions.
It's, you know, one of Well, at least
from one of its largest non-traded
private credit funds. [snorts] This is
for retail investors. Certainly the
latest asset manager to
force to grapple with a surge in give me
my money. Yeah, let's bring in our Asia
credit editor Finbar Flynn to at least
give us some answers.
Finbar, we have another private credit
fund. This time Apollo itself capping
withdrawals. Do we learn anything new?
Good morning. Yes, I think the Apollo
announcement was quite interesting. We
saw the redemptions were 11% 11.2%
and
I've spoken to some people around this
I mean, this is actually a a lagging
indicator more than the leading
indicator because these
deadlines for getting your money back
went up, you know, a couple of months
back. So, I imagine what retail
investors are thinking now because we've
really seen the concerns about private
credit emerge in the last couple of
months. Although, I must admit that at
the end of last year, we'd already heard
murmurings around, you know, software
companies. That's the biggest bet that
private credit has made. A quarter to
maybe 30% of their money is in is in
software and we all know that that's
getting hit by by AI. We don't know
what's going to happen. So, they're the
concerns.
Well, the other side, Finbar, is are
there signs that are emerging, have
emerged about all these concerns maybe
starting to settle down?
I think we're a long way away from
things settling down. I think if you
talk to other investors outside of
private credit, they say there will be
an opportunity at some point, but we're
not anywhere near that point yet. That's
because they pointed these loans a lot
of these loans were on companies like
software companies, as I mentioned, that
were taken private a couple of years ago
at valuations twice, three times what
they are worth now and the loans backing
them, they're worth a lot less. So,
there's there's going to be less people
willing to take up these loans in you
know, when they need to get rid of them.
So,
I think this is going to be with us for
a couple of quarters, to be honest.
Yeah, and and you know, obviously
there's the concerns about the impact
this could have on the banks. You know,
whether this is something that is going
to lead to something that hits the
financial system. I mean, what are some
of the main risks that you're looking
out for now?
So, I I looked into this and we had a
great story last year and the headline
itself is a bit worrying. It says that a
third of US insurance companies' assets
are in private credit. And you saw you
would ask how could that be possible,
but it's all got to do with this
interconnectedness because
the PE companies who bought these
companies are also lending to these
companies, but they also bought
insurance companies. And these insurance
companies are putting an awful lot of
their assets into private credit. So,
you've got this, you know, this web of
interconnectedness that to be honest
that regulators haven't focused on that
much. We know that banks have an awful
lot lot of regulation, but this private
credit doesn't.
All right, Finbar, thank you. Keep us
updated there. Finbar Flynn, our Asia
credit editor joining us out of Tokyo.
And private credit is certainly the big
thing for our big take here today. We'll
focus a little bit more on this firm
Clearwater. Among the companies facing
concerns as investors rush to withdraw
their money and make concerns [music]
in the sector here, they've also been a
big giant in the private credit industry
[music] investing in other firms
creating a fund of private credit funds
as well.
So, yes, take make sure to check it out
here at bloomberg.com.
Right, welcome back. It's actually a big
week in Hong Kong, in fact, when you
look at [music] the events on the left
side, you have Bow Tie, you have Wealth
for Good that is today at the family
office summit. It's an opportune time
really for and this came from our
interview earlier on with Christopher
Hui to
underscore
the I guess the relative stable hub that
we're looking at here as far as this
wealth conversation. It's the fourth
iteration, by the way, of Wealth for
Good.
We have a piece that just highlights
this from a
talent perspective and there's a war for
wealth managers and seeing really
substantial
increases in packages because of just
this
this this
>> In some cases, yeah. Yeah, to to manage
people's
the wealth of folks out there. Anyway,
with that in mind, we did speak with
Christopher Hui earlier on on this. So,
have a have a listen.
Hong Kong is a financial center. We've
been going all out in terms of reforming
our capital market. At the same time try
to draw international capital here. As
you can see, like for example, last year
we have 119 listings in Hong Kong. And
also the proceeds that we get IPO
is a record number. And at the same
time, what you see is apart from capital
formation on the wealth management side,
we are also seeing that increasingly
more people are interested in family
offices in Hong Kong. And that's why
this week we have the Wealth for Good
summit here.
And what's the message this year?
As you said, I think we are in a very
complex world. But that said, Hong Kong
is a safe, stable, and also
sophisticated financial center. It is
always ready to serve the world. Like
for example, apart from having the
conference here today, we also have a
series of reforms and measures to draw
global capital.
In fact, we are going to put together a
bill for legislative approval to extend
the tax concessions that we give to
family offices and funds to include more
asset classes like digital asset,
precious metal, and also private credit.
At the same time, we are also trying to
enhance our role as a wealth management
center by leveraging the overall need of
corporates for internal cash management.
So, that's why we are going to revamp
our law and also our regime to enhance
our tax concession to give it for these
treasury centers in Hong Kong in such a
way that for corporates, if they want to
manage their cash internally through
Hong Kong, we have a more favorable
regime for them. I need to ask the
connection and what we're seeing in as
far as the risk and opportunities
because of what's happening in the
Middle East. And we know, of course,
we've talked about this a lot that Hong
Kong has built this Middle East
corridor.
In what ways do you think Hong Kong is
prepared to receive some of the flows
that could be getting out that part of
the world? Hong Kong is always ready
despite what's happening around us. If
you look at [clears throat] the reforms
I said in the wealth management and the
same tariff reforms that we have to our
capital market by lowering the threshold
for weighted voting right and also at
the same time to expand the definition
of technology companies to be listed
here.
We are always on the drive in terms of
making our market more competitive.
That's number one. And number two, if
you look at the recent number, right now
for example,
through Invest Hong Kong, we have around
156 family offices who've already
indicated their plan to set up or expand
in Hong Kong. And also this time when we
have the Wealth for Good summit for the
fourth time, we also welcoming more
guests from the Middle East. Actually,
there's a one from the Morocco family
offices that already indicated and also
confirmed their interest to expand here.
So, I think all these are actually
showcasing our role as a financial
center and also being a safe, stable,
and also sophisticated one in this
complex world. I see. And this group
from the Middle East, they're still
scheduled to come? Yes. Yeah. Okay, I I
understand. Have we seen any early signs
that a transfer of some wealth because
of what's happening there to Hong Kong?
What conversations are you early
conversations are you are are you
having? If you recall, the chief
executive led a delegation to the Middle
East some time ago. And at the same time
as a follow-up,
my bureau and also Invest Hong Kong has
been closely monitoring the developments
throughout with a view to identifying
needs of these companies,
corporates, and also individuals to see
how Hong Kong can serve them better. And
I guess that's context. That's why we
have increasing interest from Middle
Eastern family offices to come. And it's
also being seen from the turnout from
this year's Wealth for Good summit.
>> [music]
>> 11:29 a.m. in Tokyo, Japanese markets
are heading to that lunch break in just
[music] a moment. And yeah, you're
talking about when it comes to the
relief rally, we're coming off the
initial sort of momentum here. So,
Nikkei 225, we're still
seeing gains about 7/10 of 1%. Topix is
also 1 and 1/2% to the upside here. So,
at least there's still some green. 158
levels for dollar-yen. And of course, we
did get that CPI
number that came out. It was on the
softer side, but you know, some
economists say like that shouldn't deter
the BOJ from hiking next month. That
certainly is you know, maybe getting
more consensus now. It's coming. It It
could be.
>> Yeah, it's coming.
>> Iran has really pushed that. Yeah. And
if others are going to hike too, that's
also something for the BOJ to consider
as far as where real rates should be,
right? You know, the yen weakness and
the fact that you don't have positive
real rates there. And others are hiking,
that's going to exacerbate that issue.
Anyway, that's just a further
complication to
another thing to consider. Asia Cuz
Japan is doing this, Asia is also doing
this. There we go, 1.2% to the upside.
The
counterbalance is when you look ahead to
Europe and the US and US futures
actually can see are now down. So, it's
looking like we're going to hit some
version of a wall
in the Asian session. At least not for
today, but likely of course as we make
our way into the thick of Tuesday. And
if you want to understand why
or not understand why because they're
confusing statements, you're going to
see this graphic coming up. This is
effectively the big headlines we've
heard over the last few hours or so and
try and make a consistent you know, just
try and string out a consistent message
from this. It's going to be extremely
difficult. But yeah, like a lot of lines
coming through from very consequential
sources and
newsrooms just painting a very different
picture. Depends who you ask, I guess.
Yeah, and is this something that you
know, Trump is no longer able to control
the narrative of of where this war goes
moving forward? If you're talking about
the likes of the Saudis, the UAE,
you know, stepping up or at least close
to that decision on whether to join on
these attacks on Iran. So, certainly
that certainly leads to maybe a moderate
sort of escalation of the conflict now.
Maybe that's why you're seeing US
futures are still in negative territory
during this Asian session.
Let's talk a little more about the
earning side of things.
>> Yeah. And certainly there's you know,
got to talk about what the potential
Iran impact has on on on companies,
supply chains and the like. And we're
looking at this particular company, ZKH
Group, a Chinese e-commerce platform
specializing in tools, supplies, and
maintenance, repair, and operations.
Simply speak, MRO work. It's a US-listed
stock. It's fluctuated over the past
week, dropping more than 28% after
earnings before recovering some of the
losses and then that jumping another 8%
on Monday. Yeah, in fact, I think it was
one of the biggest gainers on the Golden
Dragon Index overnight, up some 8%.
Joining us exclusively to talk us
through the results and what this means
perhaps for the broad direction of
travel moving forward, joining us here
in studio, Max Li, exclusive with us
here, the group's CFO. Very nice to see
you. Nice to see you. Good set of
results so far. Yes. Positive back to
positive. Yeah, make positive.
What do you think drove that and do you
think we can Is that something we can
and should expect from the company? Yes.
Before I give a highlights about our Q4
results, maybe I can give 1 or 2 minutes
to introduce our company.
ZKH is a leading MRO procurement service
company in in China. And
MRO stand for maintenance, operations,
and repairs.
They are the materials used for
maintenance, repair, and operations for
the factories but they do not constitute
final products.
Our
Our customers are industrial
enterprises in China
including multinational corporations
such as Tesla and also leading
private enterprises such as BYD and also
state-owned enterprises and SME
customers. Traditionally, these
customers buy products
from local hardwares,
distributors, and agents.
Now, they have a better choice to
procure these products from our
platforms.
Yeah, so this is the background of our
about our company. In the fourth quarter
of 2025,
we delivered
accelerated top line growth and also
improved the
operation efficiency and also the return
to the probability in the fourth
quarter.
This reflects our improvements in our
core business operations and also
the benefits the growing benefits
from the
operation optimization and business
optimization we implemented over the
past several quarters. In the fourth
quarter of 2025, our GMB grew by 8.7%
year over year and also 11.3%
sequentially
up to 2.9 billion. 2.9 billion and also
revenues also grew by high single digit.
This reflects
supported by our
expanding
continued expanding customer base and
also as well as enhanced product
offerings and also
the
the the last mile delivery capabilities.
Yeah. Yeah, I want to get your take on
just the news. I mean,
this Iran conflicts have have basically
upended a lot of global supply chains
up there. And and when it comes to
manufacturers that you do, we talk about
some of the big customers that you have.
Yeah.
They're definitely facing higher raw
material prices, higher freight fees
right now. Are you seeing any of that
across your platforms right now?
Yeah. Uh
Due
to the recent Middle East conflicts,
we we we do see there is some
commodities prices increase movement and
we do see some of our products such as
the lubricant, such as adhesive, and
plastics gross,
the the price are increasing.
But to my
understanding, to our analysis,
the impact is very limited and
manageable. This is because we have over
23 million SKU and also uh What's what's
SKU? SKU products. Products. Products.
Products. We have over 23 million
products for the customers to choose.
There's no single product categories
account for more than 5% of our GMB or
the revenues. So, it is
that the concentration is very low. And
also we have a very diversified supplier
profile.
At the same time,
we are doing very good in private label
products and also SME customers. They
usually have higher margin. So,
expanding the
contribution from our private label and
also expanding contribution from our SME
customers will offset partially the
negative impact of the commodity price
increases. Yeah. Okay. So, folks
effectively have more and more options
and I guess you're expanding you're
diversifying of course the base of
revenues.
How does that go into
Do you have as much visibility this year
compared to the start of the year in
terms of your revenue? Can have any of
those plans get got upended in some way
or is it still
stable as it goes? First
of all,
total dressable market size
in MRO products,
procurement services industry in China
is very huge,
about
RMB 3 to 4 trillion.
And also the online penetration rate is
still very low. It's still in the early
stage. So, we there are still a lot of
room for us to to make that What's your
market share right now? The market share
is still very very low. It's in single
digit.
But what I want to say is that there's a
plenty room for us to grow.
Our strategy is very clear.
Firstly,
we will
cover and to to increase the market
share of KAA, key account customers
to buy covering more of their factories
and also do more cross selling.
Secondly,
we will expand our SME customer
coverage. There are about 3 million SME
enterprises, manufacturing enterprises
in China.
There still are plenty room for us to to
expand to to cover the SME customers.
Yeah.
I know you're also have plans to to to
expand overseas. And and this certainly
is a trend that we're seeing across a
lot of Chinese companies going global.
Can you tell us a little more about
those plans and does this Iran conflict
affect the pace of of that expansion in
any way? Yeah.
Going global global is our key strategy
over the past 2 years.
We we started to
go overseas
starting from the 2025.
The direction behind the international
expansion is that the China MRO not only
serve the domestic market in China but
also serve the globally because most of
these products, the US will not produce
them and the Europe will will not
produce them. Most of them will will
import China MRO products to the local
markets to to to sell. And and also
over the past 2 or 3 years, a lot of
Chinese companies moved to the
overseas to build their manufacturing
factories outside.
>> So, what markets are you looking at now?
We are we are now looking for US
markets. We have already established a
subsidiary and also local team in US and
the registered customer number reached
more than 9,000. And also the SKU we we
sell in the US is more than 700
SKU. Yeah. Another market is the
Southeast Asia and also South America
because a lot of Chinese manufacturers
go over there to set up their factories.
The local factories also needs a MRO
procurement services. So we consolidate
the demand in China and then shift the
products to them to the local
factories. Yeah. How much top-line
growth are you expecting this year? For
the full for the full year.
>> I have a follow-up to that too.
So you're back to profits on a quarterly
basis but on a on a net basis for the
entire year that you're still down.
Yeah. Correct if I'm wrong that flows.
Does that turn also positive in 2026?
>> For the 2026
we are working on mid to high single
digit
YOY growth in terms of GMB. Yeah. And
also for the
for for for the gross margin we will
have a gradual increasement
increase in the gross margin and also
the operating expenses ratio will
improve
continue to improve in 2026. That means
in 2026 we are working on a meaningful
full year profit.
Um
Given the geopolitics obviously that you
know you you are a US listed
Chinese company. I'm just wondering
there was a time when people started
talking about this homecoming right?
Coming back to list in Hong Kong or or
or on the mainland.
I think that was initial plans for you.
Is is that still the case for you guys?
It is still the case for for us because
we we we see that a lot of very
favorable positive policies
issued by the stock exchange of Hong
Kong and also CSRC
give a
green channel for the US listed
companies go back to Hong Kong.
We have been discussing with our
investment bankers and also legal
counsels and and the IPO the Hong Kong
IPO proposal is on the table. Okay. So
we are going to
the the exact timing will be to be
decided. Okay. So just to clarify the
proposal from the bankers are on the
table or have you filed an application
with the exchange?
>> the proposal on the table from the
bankers and also legal counsels. I see.
Okay. So the pitch is the pitch is there
for you. Pitch is in.
>> [laughter]
>> All right. The bankers are really on
their game these days. Max it's good to
have you. Thank you. Max there CFO at
ZKH Group. We got much more coming
ahead. This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> All right. Something that we're tracking
here this trade deal of course with the
European Union Australia. They have
agreed of course to that deal wrapping
up almost a decade [music] of talks and
the two sides also signed a security and
defense partnership for better
cooperation on crisis management.
We are pleased to announce the signing
of a new Australia EU security and
defense partnership.
The partnership provides a framework to
strengthen cooperation between Australia
and our European friends so that we can
best respond to pressing global
challenges.
It will bolster our collaboration on
defense industry, maritime security,
cyber security, countering terrorism and
combating hybrid threats such as
disinformation.
And it shows our shared commitment to
global peace and security including
reaffirming our steadfast support for
Ukraine in the face of Russia's illegal
full-scale invasion.
Let's bring in James Mayger our
Australia economy and government
reporter joining us now. Yeah, so 10
years in the making this trade deal. How
significant is it?
I mean there's going to be some increase
in trade obviously reduction in tariffs
for European exports to Australia for
cheese, chocolate,
meat preparations so so lamb meats and
things like that. Those are all going to
go to zero. There's going to be some
reduction in tariffs for Australian meat
exports, Australian wine exports to to
Europe.
So there there will be an increase in
trade but I think really the bigger
driving force today is not you know the
economic benefits that will accrue to
industry from this. It's more the other
two deals that were the two the four
deals that signed today but two of them
the most important was
as you mentioned the deal on security
and also the deal on critical minerals.
So improving the critical minerals
partnership that was announced a few
years ago. And I think we think about it
you know neither side
Both both sides had a lot of problems
with the free trade deal mostly because
of agriculture. Australia is a big
agricultural exporter. European
countries are big agricultural exporters
but also have big domestic industries as
well. And so those kind of those kind of
clashes were were sort of continuing and
that led to the talks to collapse in
2023. I think what's different now is
that Europe's
both political and trade and defense
situation is so much more serious than
it was a few years ago with the war in
Ukraine continuing. You know Donald
Trump saying he's going to indicating he
wants to apply to NATO and not support
Ukraine. And and you know the the rise
of China and what China has done with
critical minerals export controls. I
think those things have sort of focused
minds on what's really important and in
the end what was really important was
not getting another 10,000 or 20,000
sorry tons worth of Australian beef
exports to Europe. What was really
important was getting some kind of trade
deal but also be able to cooperate
better on critical minerals so that
Australia can supply more rare earths to
European industry so that the two sides
can collaborate better on security
policy on dealing with security
challenges in the Middle East in the
Asia Pacific but also in Europe. And so
I think those are the things that have
really pushed these deals over the line
today is that holistic kind of all of
government view of what is the most
important thing for Australia and Europe
to agree at this time.
What's been the reaction so far?
James.
I mean the Australian reaction with the
reaction for Australian
agriculture industry has been incredibly
angry.
This was called the worst trade deal
ever by the Australian meat and
livestock association which is the the
people who grow farm the farmers who
grow beef or or sheep or what have you.
The dairy industry is very angry. The
National Farmers Federation is very
angry. And they had been very they had
been indicating that unless there was a
massive increase in the the offer that
was on the table in 2023 which Australia
walked away from
they were not going to support this and
they were going to impose this. But I
think again and I think you saw that
when what Anthony Albanese said today
and what Ursula von der Leyen said today
the things that were important. Yes
trade is important but these other
things that are also very important I
think is what has pushed the two
countries to really just sit down and do
this deal. And
is causing the Australian government to
look past the anger of the farming
community
that they're not getting a better deal.
They're not getting more access to the
European market.
Right. James thank you so much. James
Mayger there
in in Tokyo for us. He's of course
making his way back to
Canberra.
Might make his way back of course to
this part of the Asia Pacific. We'll see
if and when of course President Xi and
President Trump of course are set to
meet. I mean speaking of speaking of
that we did speak with the Eurasia Group
on this planned summit between Chinese
President Xi Jinping and US President
Donald Trump that could further
stabilize the relationship and the
summit is yet has yet to be rescheduled
in terms of specific dates.
That's after Donald Trump of course
postponed that but we did speak with
Eurasia the the the the the practice
head for China spoke to us in Beijing of
course this week about the perhaps the
possible outcomes we should we should be
expecting ahead of that that that
summit.
The world needs the commitment to the
summit and that commitment remains. What
everybody is looking for what President
Trump and President Xi have made a
political commitment to with each other
is is to stabilize this relationship
over a period of time. I think the Korea
deal was a very positive deal. I think
the fact that the US is hosting G20 and
China is hosting APEC which means their
ministers are running around in each
other's big cities all year long and the
two leaders will meet in these
multilateral environments is also very
positive. So sooner or later I believe
Trump will come here. I believe Xi will
reciprocate and go to the US and all of
this sends signals throughout the
bureaucracies on each side that will
lead them to work together better than
they would have otherwise. You've heard
all the speculation that the PLA is
watching this very closely a
decapitation strike in Venezuela, a
decapitation strike in Tehran.
Are you buying to that kind of
speculation that they're looking at
avenues to employ China that is towards
Taiwan?
I'm sure that there's a lot of watching
going on. I'm a former diplomat and then
and this is you know governments do this
and then they are probably learning
their lessons, assessing capabilities.
And of course China China is
you know very focused on Taiwan. It is
obviously preparing for any kinds of
contingencies it might face. Whether
this really changes their approach I
would I would say very unlikely. Does a
diversion of of resources, military
hardware and attention by Washington to
the Middle East does that open the door
for something to happen here for China
and Taiwan? I would say absolutely not.
I believe that China has a policy
towards Taiwan that is very deliberate.
They will do things on their terms when
and how they want to. They're not going
to be opportunistic about it. It is too
risky. The other thing is I don't
believe China is looking for an
opportunity to intervene militarily to
deal with the Taiwan crisis. I think for
now Uh, are still trying to work with
non-military means and
you know, for some years to come it will
probably look that way.
Yeah, there we go. That was the Eurasia
Group's David Neely speaking with Steve,
of course, in Beijing
just really this week. Right, we'll just
leave you with a look at markets still
up for the day 1 and 1/2%
>> [music]
>> led by the Kospi index. So, we're still
doing okay on an index
level [music] if you maybe get a hint of
the
nuanced arable till you more of that in
a couple of minutes. This is Bloomberg.
Checking some earnings [music] and of
course the reaction across the stock
markets here today. Lao Fu Gold is
certainly one big mover here rose in
Hong Kong after its full year revenue
and profit surge aided by soaring gold
prices. [music] The company's revenue
jumped 221% in 2025 from a year ago.
[music] The earnings reinforce Lao Fu's
position as a leading high-end brand
even while Western luxury giants have
grappled with [music] sluggish demand in
China. Stock is up some 8%. Henderson
Land reported underlying profit for the
full year that missed the average
analyst estimate [music] net income
decreased 10% on year to 5.7 billion
Hong Kong [music] dollars. Final
dividend per share was cut to 76 Hong
Kong cents on economic uncertainties
amid the Iran war. The company [music]
says its land bank will be sufficient to
meet its development needs in the next
few years. WuXi AppTec shares posting
[music] strong gains after better than
expected full year net income profit of
19.2 billion yen was more [music] than
double last year's while revenue
increased 16%. Following the earnings
CLSA and UBS lifted their target prices
for the eight shares. Morgan Stanley
says expects further stock upside on
strong leading indicators. Uh, yeah,
we're looking at the mining sector
specifically today on the back of the
rally in metals prices. It's playing out
across most not all as you can see with
Jiangxi Copper flat
in Hong Kong session. Although you are
getting of course some gains across Hong
Chao 3% in Hong Kong.
Aussie miners of course AS51 MATL no E
in between index is the ticker for that
sub index there.
That then goes into the broader
commodity story with oil prices and the
dollar and we're at 104. So, we are
okay. We're at session highs right now,
I believe on Brent prices.
>> Yeah, we were we were initially down.
We're resuming the advance already when
it comes to oil. So, that's where the
angst is coming back and certainly
you're seeing that in US [music] and
Europe futures. We could be waking up on
this Tuesday morning on Wall Street as
well as in Europe there with a little
bit more doubt about where we are in
[music] this Iran war. So, there you go.
Asia's still up though, but yes, this
could be a telling signal what comes
following today. That's it for us here
on the China show insight with Has is
[music] next.